Pre-release cleanup (#649)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

## Major changes

* Delay discretisation is now based on a two-day censoring window (with uniform probability in between), based on recommendations in [Park et al, medRxiv, 2024](https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.01.12.24301247). By @sbfnk in #518 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.

> * The interface to generating delay distributions has been completely overhauled. Instead of calling `dist_spec()` users now specify distributions using functions that represent the available distributions, i.e. `LogNormal()`, `Gamma()` and `Fixed()`. Uncertainty is specified using calls of the same nature, to `Normal()`. More information on the underlying design can be found in `inst/dev/design_dist.md` By @sbfnk in #504 and reviewed by @seabbs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The interface to generating delay distributions has been completely overhauled. Instead of calling `dist_spec()` users now specify distributions using functions that represent the available distributions, i.e. `LogNormal()`, `Gamma()` and `Fixed()`. See `?EpiNow2::Distributions`. Uncertainty is specified using calls of the same nature, to `Normal()`. More information on the underlying design can be found in `inst/dev/design_dist.md` By @sbfnk in #504 and reviewed by @seabbs.
```

> ## Deprecations

Reviewer: Will I be asking for too much if I say we should have subsections for functions and arguments?

* The functions `sample_approx_dist()`, `report_cases()`, and `adjust_infection_reports()` have been deprecated as the functionality they provide can now be achieved with `simulate_secondary()`. See #597 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @sbfnk.
* The utility function `update_list()` has been deprecated in favour of `utils::modifyList()` because it comes with an installation of R. By @jamesmbaazam in #491 and reviewed by @seabbs.
* The `fixed` argument to `dist_spec` has been deprecated and replaced by a `fix_dist()` function. By @sbfnk in #503 and reviewed by @seabbs.

> * The functions `get_dist`, `get_generation_time`, `get_incubation_period` have been deprecated and replaced with examples. By @sbfnk in #481 and reviewed by @seabbs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The functions `get_dist()`, `get_generation_time()`, `get_incubation_period()` have been deprecated and replaced with examples. By @sbfnk in #481 and reviewed by @seabbs.
```

* Updated the code in `inst/CITATION` and added a GitHub Actions workflow to auto-generate `citation.cff` so that the two citation files are always in sync with `DESCRIPTION`. By @jamesmbazam in #467, with contributions from @Bisaloo, and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk.
* Updated the documentation of the `reported_cases` argument in `estimate_infections()` and `confirm` column in the `obs` argument of `estimate_truncation()` to allow `numeric` types, not just `integer`. See #594, by @jamesmbaazam, and reviewed by @sbfnk.
* Removed the reporting templates that were previously provided. See #604 by @jamesmbaazam, and reviewed by @sbfnk.

> * Internal functions have been tagged as such and will no longer appear in the pkgdown index. By @sbfnk in #735.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Internal functions have been removed from the pkgdown index. By @sbfnk in #735.
```
